Update USAspending README with db subset (#2083)
fedspendingtransparency/usaspending-api: README.md

    $ cd usaspending-api

## Database Setup

> There are three options for how you want to setup your database in order to run the API. You can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three documented options for setting up a local database in order to run the API:
```

Author: Update made

	- `docker-compose run usaspending-db` will create and run a Postgres database in the `POSTGRES_CLUSTER_DIR` specified in the `.env` configuration file. We recommend using a folder *outside* of the usaspending-api project directory so it does not get copied to other containers in subsequent steps.

	- `docker-compose run usaspending-manage python -u manage.py migrate` will run Django migrations: [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/topics/migrations/](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/topics/migrations/).

	- `docker-compose run usaspending-manage python -u manage.py load_reference_data` will load essential reference data (agencies, program activity codes, CFDA program data, country codes, and others).

	- `docker-compose up usaspending-db-sql`, then `docker-compose up usaspending-db-init` will provision the custom materialized views which are required by certain API endpoints.

#### Manual Database Setup
- `docker-compose.yaml` contains the shell commands necessary to set up the database manually, if you prefer to have a more custom environment.

> #### Option 3: Downloading the database or a subset of the database and loading it into PosgreSQL

Reviewer: Can you re-work the header levels? The headers between option 2 and 3 break the structure
